Modify spec to allow for the overlap between SLO/POP, READCR/LEA, and WRITECR/INT/IRET (#27)
ETC-A/etca-spec: extensions/memory-operands-1/README.md

| LEA r, m | `00SS1110` | `ABM` | Loads the address specified by the second operand into the register specified by the first. Note that the address _itself_ is stored in the register, not the contents of memory at that address. The result stored in the register must respect the operand size attribute. The computed address must respect the address mode.

`LEA` means "load effective address." If the first operand is not a register, or the second is not a memory location, the instruction must be treated as an

> undefined instruction. Such cases are **not** reserved - they are explicitly undefined. The exception to this is the full immediate mode of this instruction. That is a `READCR` instruction and NOT an `LEA` instruction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
undefined instruction. Such cases are **not** reserved - they are explicitly undefined. Note that as per the
[Full Immediates extension](../full-immediates/README.md) in the specific case of `MM=01, ABM.regB=01x`
(the "full immediate" operand modes) this opcode corresponds to `READCR`, not `LEA`.
```

This should be applied to the MO2 document as well.
